>> Jen Kramer: If you go on ahead and
step number six here.
What I'm gonna do is set my
justify content to center and
then I'm gonna add
an artificial number here.
Generally speaking, once again,
we don't do this with flex box but for
demonstration purposes, I'm gonna add
a height to these boxes of 400 pixels.
Again not something you should do in
real life, don't try this at home, but
it's helpful for
demonstration purposes, okay?
Just see how this next properties
are going to work, go on ahead and
set that up.
And just to show you the impact that
that's had on the page, as you would
expect, our boxes now had a bit of
height and they're centered on the page.
Okay, so once you have that in place,
then here in my notes
on point number seven, we are going to
take a look at what's called align items.
So align items,
align the items on the cross axis.
So remember our main axis in our
particular example is the row.
Across access is then up and
down vertically.
So these have the different values that
we can align things vertically in space.
Which is why I need to give
this a little bit of height.
So the values here again are flex start,
flex end, center baseline and stretch.
Stretch is the default I think,
if I remember correctly.
So let's try some of these other values.
So, this is align items, so,
we'ss go ahead and add that.
Align- items and
we'll give this a value of flex-start.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, anyone wanna
guess what's gonna happen with this?
>> Jen Kramer: We have any takers on
what's gonna happen with Flex Start?
>> Speaker 2: Lines at
the top of the access.
>> Jen Kramer: Lines at
the top of the access, okay?
Okay, so Flex Start, what this is doing
is, remember we've set a height on these.
What the flex box property
has done here is it's
preserved that height, so
we have a bit of space between these.
And reduce the size of the box back to
just the height of the content here, okay?
So that's what's going on.
So if we said, and of course
towards the top of the parent here,
if I change this to flex-end,
anyone wanna guess what is gonna happen?
>> Jen Kramer: If I change it to flex-end,
what's gonna happen?
So right now we have skinny boxes at
the top, what's gonna happen now?
>> Speaker 2: It's gonna go to the bottom.
>> Jen Kramer: Skinny boxes at the bottom,
right?
Okay, so if we save that and
we refresh the page,
skinny box is at the bottom, okay?
>> Jen Kramer: So we said center.
>> Jen Kramer: Here's another thing that
you cannot do any other way, really.
So called holly grail lay out, right?
Centering the horizontally and
vertically space.
So if you set a align items to center and
we take a look at our page.
There they are, okay?
So we have them centred here.
The Distance here on the top, the distance
here on the bottom, everything is very,
very nicely centered.
Okay, we also have stretch.
>> Jen Kramer: So what stretch is gonna
do is stretch these to fill up all of
the vertical space.
Stretch to fill all the vertical space.
>> Jen Kramer: Then,
we have space between and space around.
>> Jen Kramer: Which, I'm not sure
these are gonna look all that different
here right now.
So, there's space between and
space around.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah, so, space between and
space around don’t look all
that different in our example.
But, as you would expect they work
exactly the same kind of way as
we showed vertically.
So, it’s going to assign the space,
if we had a larger
container on the page,
we'd see these move around a little more.
Yes?
>> Kelly: Is align items only
applicable to certain elements?
>> Jen Kramer: It's
applicable to the children.
>> Kelly: Okay.
>> Jen Kramer: So the flex items.
>> Jen Kramer: We're putting on the parent
and that applies to
the distribution of the flex items.
>> Kelly: Okay.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay.
>> Jen Kramer: Yes, and
Mark had a question.
>> Speaker 4: Kelly is asking,
what if you didn't have a height?
>> Jen Kramer: What if
you didn't have a height?
You can certainly turn off the height and
we can try space around and
space between that way.
But I think, once again, we're limited.
Probably, what I'd have to do is put a,
well I put the height on the UL,
and the LI's are expanding to
occupy that whole space, so sorry.
Probably the best thing to do if you
want to see that in action is to switch
you're main access to be
a column instead of a row.
And then try playing around with the space
around and space between properties.